Week 1
In this weeks tutorial we first made groups for the project. The group i'm in is sanchit, 
martin, sebastian, victor and myself with Sebastian as the scrum master.We then had to 
decide which project to do for the capstone project and so we settled on the investment simulator project.
We then discussed the way we would approach the project and the technology we would use.

Week 2
This week we set up the project with the github classroom repo and google doc for the project proposal.
Sebastian added some starting code for the frontend and we discussed what architecture we would use for the project,
deciding on having a react typescript frontend with a node backend and mongo DB databse (MERN). We also did our user stories
and background for the project proposal.

Week 3
This week was when the proposal was due so the majority of the work this week was finalising the proposal.
I helped Sanchit who was working on the storyboard and helped Martin look over the background section  
for the proposal. We also began planning on how we would approach our coding sprints which would start next week.

Week 4
This week we bagan our first sprint. To begin, I had never touched javascript or typescript and had no experience with
node, react or mongoDB. So the majority of the start of this week was going through tutorials to understand the architecture.
I then started work on the backend as we delegated the backend work to me and Victor. My main focus of this week was helping 
to setup the mongoDB and link it to our backend, then beginning to write routes for login and registration.

Week 5
This week was when we had our presentation. The main focus on this week as such was making sure our website was presentable.
I spent alot of time at the start of this week working on user authentication using passport js and JWT for the registration and login endpoints.
Then making sure I made login persistent by creating a mongoose schema for Users and having those endpoints create users in our DB. I also set up 
redux on the frontend to persist login. The demo on Thursday went well and we received good feedback.

Week 6
This week my main focus was cleaning up the login and registration endpoints then adding routes 
for editing user balance. We also worked on fixing up and finalising retrospective A from the previous week's demo. 
Also made a start on adding an endpoint for the user to add stocks to their watchlist.

Week 7
This week was quite relaxed. The main focus of this week was working on adding functionality on the backend
to support user watchlists and linking that up to the frontend store which Seb had implemented. Also cleaned 
up the validation helper functions for registration and login.

Week 8
This week was our second presentation. The main focus for me this week was finalising the main functionality
we needed on the backend which was to allow users to simul buy and simul sell stocks as well as keep track
of their transaction history and profits. I decided to add a hashmap to the user model to track owned stocks as
well as the total trading profit, updating these on all transactions. Also helped victor add endpoints to update
username, email and password. The presentation went well this week and we got some good feedback going into the
last two weeks. 

Week 9
This week I was pretty chill since most of the backend functionality was now finished. I spent some time cleaning
up some of my backend work and fixing some bugs in the logic for simul buying and selling. We also rehearsed
a practise demonstration which we gave in the tutorial to get ready for the final demo in week 10.

Week 10
This week is submission week. I spent the Monday cleaning up all my code on the backend and adding comments to make the 
code more understandable. Will also look over the report on Monday and add any finishing touches. The next few days will
be spent practising for the presentation so we can nail it on Thursday.
