Week 1:
This week we formed groups and decided to move ahead with the investment simulator project for this term. 
We also decided roles, where Seb was going to be the scrum master and the rest of us are going to be developers. 
Seb then setup the Jira board and a google doc for the proposal. 
I wrote some user stories in the Jira board and also drew up a basic overview of the storyboard we are required to submit. 
I also wrote some of the background information.

Week 2:
Got to join the github classroom repo and was able to upload this diary to here. 
Also Victor gave some advice on the user stories I had written and I adjusted some of them based on his feedback.
We met up again and finalised the proposal sections and who is in charge of which section. I was set to do the
project objectives and novel functionality along with storyboard. 

Week 3:
I finished the project objectives and novel functionality and began thinking about the storyoard. 
This is when I realised, the storyboard was going to be a big project and would be more efficient
to split within the different group members. Finished the external actors section.
Finished the storboarding for the login process along with the buy/sell. Finished the overall
storyboard and collated all the different frames together. Submitted the proposal.

Week 4:
This week we started coding on the application. I was in charge of the search  
page and the stocks page. I started off by adding a search bar and then 
requesting stock data from the backend. The next step was to add a filter 
to the stocks based on the value of the search bar and displaying the appropriate
stocks and their data. Next was modifying the css of the page to make it look aesthetic
and nice.

Week 5:
This was presentation week. This week I started off by changing the stocks page 
to allow for backend to send stock data over. With that fixed, the stocks page was 
ready with appropriate error messages and formatting along with filtering
based on name and stock code. The presentation ran smoothly and we got some
constructive feedback from our tutor regarding the progress of the project
and some pointers to take note of.

Week 6:
This week started off pretty relaxed. I made a new individual stocks page which will 
hit the backend for the data for one specfic stock, along with if the user
owns that stock to show the appropriate buy/sell buttons. Then I setup the graphing
capabilities which would take in historical data to represent the historical movement
of the stock. 

Week 7:
This week was quite busy with alot of other assignments so not much work was done on 
this project this week. I did fix up the graphs becuase I realised I was using the base
high charts package, but then switched to High Stocks charts which gave much more 
capabilities on top of the basic charting.

Week 8
This week we had the presentation the presentation and retrospective B. The presentation went well
and we got some feedback from the feedback. It was mostly positive. In this week I fixed some bugs 
with the charting and then updated the look of the stock page, more specifically the buy/sell button.
Added some colour to them and also changed the logic a bit from what Sebastian had started. I also
updated the dashboard page to appear in a tabulated manner and add statistics for unrealised profit.
Combining these profits I added a total unrealised profit to the top of the page. We also realised a bug
with the way the profit was being calculated and then that was solved.

Week 9
This week was mostly getting everything ready for submission and adding some final changes to the project.
I added some more statistics to the dashboard page and also worked on the stocks page where I allowed rows 
to be sorted based on the column if a certain column was clicked (e.g sort by price, name etc). I also 
worked on the report with Martin and we got quite a lot of that done. Also I cleaned the frontend, added comments
and made the code cleaner in general.

Week 10
Submission
