Week 1

In the tutorial, we formed our group and decided on the investment simulator project
together. We also got to know each other. I created the Jira board and a Google Doc to write
our proposal. We then talked about some of the goals for our project and the
technologies we wanted to use. I wrote the cover page and some basic information
for the proposal.

Week 2

The GitHub link was sent around so I linked my account and checked out the repository.
I added some starting code to the repository for the frontend. We decided on a react
typescript frontend with a node backend connected to a database that connects to the
external api. I also had a look over the user stories, emailed our group progression
and worked on the software architecture diagram.

Week 3

This week I worked on the project proposal. I created some stories on Jira and started
the first sprint with the other members of the team. Otherwise, I worked on writing up
the system architecture in the proposal, drawing diagrams and delegating tasks for others
to work for the proposal. By the end of the week, we are submitting the proposal and then
work can begin on coding for the first sprint. 

Week 4

This week is the first week we worked on the code properly. As the scrum master, I broke down
the stories with subtasks and started work on the frontend. I focused on getting the frontend
working as an SPA, with a navigation bar at the top that links to various pages and a home
page with some text about the product. This will allow other people to start work on other
pages inside the website.

Week 5

Week 5 contained the presentation, so there was some work done to make sure our project was
in a presentable state. Apart from managing the Jira board and showcasing the site in the
demo, I worked on more of the frontend. I added react-router-dom to the project and added
code to the home page, login page and profile page. After the demo, I worked on the watchlist
page, which now only requires data from the backend for it to be completed.

Week 6

Week 6 was flexibility week, so there was no tutorial. However, I worked on changing redux
to react-sweet-state to better manage state across the project. This was an action item
from the retrospective, as the redux store we were using was overly complicated for
the project. This means only a bit more work is required to tie in all the backend
endpoints into the frontend. I worked on balance on the frontend, adding in a number
picker. I also talked to some of the backend developers, getting them to create
the endpoints required on the frontend. Finally, I submitted the retrospective.

Week 7

In week 7, I did a lot of frontend development. I cleaned up some of the store, completed watchlist
by adding it to the stocks page, the individual stock pages, creating the cards and wiring it up
to the backend. I also linked up balance on account creation, fixed stock fetching, cleaned up the
frontend more generally.

Week 8

Week 8 contained the presentation and retrospective B. As the scrum master, I had to lead both. I also
added the ability to buy and sell stocks, created a dashboard with owned stocks, added a dropdown
to appear on stock purchase, updated the css. This allowed some other team members to work on their
frontend tasks, as I had gotten the state and backend calling out of the way. There was also a bugs
with calculating profit that I came across, so that was really good to find. Overall, with one more
sprint, I think we are progressing well as a team.

Week 9

Week 9 involved a lot of cleaning up. Regarding functionality, I added stock history to the frontend
and added the ability to update usernames, passwords and emails. I also added frontend testing with
jest and enzyme. We now have over 20 tests on our frontend, with a snapshot test on every page and
more testing in other areas. I went through and added comments to a lot of the uncommented code,
fixed some bugs we had outstanding and did some refactoring. We also gave a practice demonstation
in our tutorial, so I helped to put that together.

Week 10

Week 10 is submission and presentation time! I spent the Monday adding any final touches to the codebase
(including arrows for sorting on the stock page) and working on the report. I will spend Tuesday and
Wednesday working on the presentation for Thursday, which should conlude COMP3900!